content/Vessel.md, before:

**IN DELTARUNE**, the Vessel is an entity created by the Player during the <a onclick="loadFile('Goner Maker.md')">Goner Maker</a> sequence.

The Player first constructs their body choosing from several head, torso and leg options. Then, they pick the Vessel's favourite food, blood type, favourite colour and a gift (out of 'Kindness', 'Mind', 'Ambition', 'Bravery' and 'Voice').

Then the Player is asked how they feel about the Vessel, with the clarification that it will not hear the response. The choice is between 'Love', 'Hope', 'Disgust' and 'Fear'.

Finally the Player gives the Vessel a <a onclick="loadFile('Name Selector.md')">name</a>.

In the end of the Goner Maker sequence, <a onclick="loadFile('Third Entity.md')">an unknown character</a> intervenes, announcing that the Vessel will be discarded and that the Player is going to control <a onclick="loadFile('Kris.md')">Kris</a> instead.

However, the values chosen during the Vessel's creation are still saved in the game files.
- Is the Vessel going to return in the future?
    - If so, where is it currently located?
        - Is Vessel the one leaving <a onclick="loadFile('Messages in the Code.md')">messages in the code</a>?
- If the <a onclick="loadFile('Red Soul.md')">Red Soul</a> was originally supposed to control the Vessel, what role was <a onclick="loadFile('Kris.md')">Kris</a> inteded to play in the <a onclick="loadFile('Prophecy.md')">prophecy</a>?

Commit message:

Goner Maker soun off from Vessel

content/Vessel.md, after:

**IN DELTARUNE**, the Vessel is an entity created by the Player during the <a onclick="loadFile('Goner Maker.md')">Goner Maker</a> sequence.

Under Dr. Gaster's guidance, the Player first constructs its body choosing from several head, torso and leg options. 
Then, they pick the Vessel's favourite food, blood type, favourite colour and a gift (out of 'Kindness', 'Mind', 'Ambition', 'Bravery' and 'Voice').
Finally the Player gives the Vessel a <a onclick="loadFile('Name Selector.md')">name</a>.

In the end of the Goner Maker sequence, <a onclick="loadFile('Third Entity.md')">an unknown character</a> intervenes, announcing that the Vessel will be discarded and that the Player is going to control <a onclick="loadFile('Kris.md')">Kris</a> instead.

However, the values chosen during the Vessel's creation are still saved in the game files.
- Is the Vessel going to return in the future?
    - If so, where is it currently located?
        - Is Vessel the one leaving <a onclick="loadFile('Messages in the Code.md')">messages in the code</a>?
- If the <a onclick="loadFile('Red Soul.md')">Red Soul</a> was originally supposed to control the Vessel, what role was <a onclick="loadFile('Kris.md')">Kris</a> inteded to play in the <a onclick="loadFile('Prophecy.md')">prophecy</a>?
